# Retrospective Meeting #1

Date: Wednesday, 07 May 2025
Time: 21:00

Attendance:
All group members were in attendance

## User Stories
- A total of six stories were completed during the week.

## Problems 
- Jess mentioned that some stories were too tightly coupled and as such not everyone could work on there stories at the same time.
- Jess also felt there was miscommunication in regards to what an integration test was.
- Siya added on to what Jess said by explaining that we did not have a proper plan to integrate.
- Siya explained that we also did not properly plan the structure of the repo beforehand.
- Nnete added on to Siya's statement by saying that we all had to wait for a structure from Siya to begin working on our parts. Jess acknowledged the shortfalls but explained that this is similar to real world scenarios.
- Rameez said that all members started too late with the code and as such it was rushed.
- Nnete felt that the test coverage was too low.

## Successes
- Jess was happy with the design of the points system that was created and felt it was innovative.
- Siya mentioned that the use of middleware in the code improved ease of development.
- Nnete said that what was released was worthy of praise.
- Rameez felt that the team had collaboration despite the challenges that affected all members.

## Upcoming Issues
- It was mentioned by Siya that an improvement to the routing system was needed as more routing will take place over time and it would cause further issues during future sprints.
- SQL was not set up. This was a point mentioned by Siya, and was directed at Jess as she will be required to set it up due to her Azure account being used.
- A concern regarding the use of websockets using "Socket.io" was brought up by Nnete as he felt that it could be used better and needs to be implemented throughout the project.

## Ideas for improvement
- Daily check-ins were suggested by Nnete such that there is greater communication between the members
- Siya mentioned that for those stories that affect/depend on other members, greater planning should take place by consulting with the other members. Jess added on to this by mentioning that a defined interface could also assist in resolving this issue.
- Rameez suggested that the user stories should be written up sooner as he felt that the stories were rushed.
- Another suggestion by Rameez was for all members to send communicate a short summary of their plan for their user story such that the other members can provide feedback to reduce future complications as well as give suggestions for improvement.

## Solutions to problems
- It was suggested by Siya that for those stories that depended on another, the use of mocking inputs would allow the developer to work alone.
- Jess mentioned that a deeper level of tests should be done before submitting a pull request to avoid any issues regarding to integration.
- It was agreed by all that many of the issues faced in the first sprint would not arise in the following sprints 