# Retrospective Meeting #2

Date: Wednesday, 12 May 2025
Time: 20:00

Attendance:
All group members were in attendance

## User Stories
- A total of six stories were completed during the week.
- It was decided that one of the user stories initially defined would be changed as its previous description was too vague and a better one should take its place.

## Problems
- It was realised by all and vocalised by Jess that all group members had busy schedules during the sprint.
- Building on the previous point, Nnete explained that an overestimation of time was experienced by all.
- It was also noted by Rameez that the members underestimated the complexity and as such the time to implement the stories.
- During a bug fix, Jess realised that there were communication issues in what was to be implemented.  
- Siya noted that not all commits done adhered to the angular commit standard.
- It was discovered by Jess that some of the foundational code needed to be adjusted so as to be able to maintain the newer code.
- After a merge, Siya noted that the trunk was broken and bug fix had to be implemented before it could be deployed on Azure.
- Nnete felt that his previous suggestion for daily meetings/ updates were not well executed.

## Successes
- Both Jess and Nnete were happy with the improvement of separation of stories compared to the previous sprint.
- Rameez expressed that despite certain flaws, the project objectives for the time frame were reached. 
- The implementation of the accounts feature was praised by Jess.
- The foundation upon which the code was built on felt solid to Nnete.

## Upcoming issues 
- Rameez felt that the stories that he and Siya had are intertwined and may need some more communication to implement effectively.
- Jess noticed a flaw in the role assignments and expressed that the logic may need to be reworked.
- Both Siya and Rameez were of the opinion that once the databases were established, linking them may take some time.

## Ideas for improvement
- To improve overall time management, it was vocalised by Jess and Siya, agreed upon by all that an update outlining the work done and the plan for completion be done by Wednesday and the pull requests being done by Friday.
- It was expressed by Nnete and Jess that playwright be used to improve overall test coverage.
- A change to the voting system was suggested by Jess, such that people should be allowed to vote more than once. The complete idea behind this was deemed to be discussed further.

## Solutions to problems
- Jess proposed more meetings should be had as to ensure better communication between all group members.
- Siya suggested that a review of the angular commit guidelines be read prior to commits.
- Rameez felt that once refactoring of certain areas of code took place, the overall issues with maintaining both the new and old code would be resolved.
- It was advised by Siya that after a merge, the person responsible should ensure that it is deployed to Azure to ensure that the trunk is intact.
- Nnete suggested that instead of daily meetings, a short message should be sent out by each group member to update all on their current progress.
- Jess suggested a transition page between the game lobby and the sharing of words such that the roles can be distributed more fairly.

